Misc copy edits to ITP Sprint 1 (#943)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/html-css/what-is-css/index.md

}
```

> Rules look like this: `p { background: red; }`. The selector is the `p` in this case. This `p` selects all elements of the DOM tree called `p` and sets a rule about how to show them. Selectors always come first in a rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rulesets look like this: `p { background: red; }`. The selector is the `p` in this case. This `p` selects all elements of the DOM tree called `p` and sets a rule about how to show them. Selectors always come first in a ruleset.
```

Rule is a single declaration - this shows a ruleset containing one rule.

Author: Updated in [d15b267](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/curriculum/pull/943/commits/d15b26759f625be577e9f5976d0908abe16b5127)

A property is a quality, a characteristic. A value is the amount.

For a person, you might say their 'age' property has the value of 40. For an element, you might set the `width` property to the value of `100%`.

> Within a rule, multiple properties may be set to values, and each property-value pair must be followed by a semi-colon (`;`), e.g. `p { background: red; color: blue; }`.

Reviewer: No it's a ruleset. 
```suggestion
Each ruleset may have many declarations, or rules. A declaration is a property paired with a value. Each property-value pair must be followed by a semi-colon (`;`), e.g. `p { background: red; color: blue; }`.
```

Author: Interesting, do you have a source for this?

AFAICT the world treats "rule" and "ruleset" interchangeably, so I was just picking one to be consistent rather than open up the question of why there are two terms... I don't mind which we pick, but I'm not sure the "declaration == rule" holds.

The spec claims "rule set" and "rule" are interchangeable:
> A rule set (also called "rule")

(https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/syndata.html#rule-sets), and that the things inside the `{}`s are "declarations" (not "rules") (https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/syndata.html#declaration).

MDN agrees:
> A [selector list](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Selector_list) and an associated declarations block, together, are called a ruleset, or often a rule.
>
> A CSS ruleset (or rule) is visualized in the diagram below.

(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Syntax#css_rulesets)

Reviewer: Am I out of date? Crivens. Overruled! 😉

Author: Updated in [d15b267](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/curriculum/pull/943/commits/d15b26759f625be577e9f5976d0908abe16b5127) to meet somewhere in the middle :)

<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/zFSGphnnT9opa" width="480" height="480" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/zFSGphnnT9opa">via GIPHY</a></p>

A cascade is a stream or sequence of a things where each thing affects the next. You might imagine pouring champagne into a tower of glasses. The champagne flows into the top container; it then cascades into the next container; etc. In CSS we're actually pouring from many bottles into one tower.

So in CSS 'the cascade' means the order or sequence of the rules as they flow into the DOM tree according to CSS precedence.

Several rules may apply to one element, and they are applied in a particular order, with later, more specific, or more important rules adding to or overriding ones that have already been applied.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What does precedence mean?</summary>

It means the order rules are applied.

> One way rules are applied in CSS is inheritance: children inherit from parents. If a parent node has red text, all its children will inherit that red text color. But when another rule with higher precendence comes and overrules, it replaces the rule which had lower precedence. An explicit rule targeting an element directly overrules a rule it inherited from its parent.

Reviewer: Hmm, why are we not telling the word hierarchy? It will come up a lot in CSS.

Author: I'm happy to re-add the word hierarchy, perhaps in another Q&A or a separate sentence?

But I found the existing phrasing quite hard to take meaning from when trying to understand the word precedence. In particular, I thought the existing answer was trying to smoosh together the concepts of precedence, hierarchy, inheritance, and order in a very short space of words, which left me with more questions than answers :)

Author: Added a couple of sentences introducing hierarchies - I'm going to merge this for now, and we can keep editing as we see fit moving forwards :)
